hey guys welcome back to my channel so
today I wanted to talk a little bit
about the AdvoCare cleanse because so
many of you all have thought about it or
want to do it and I totally get you when
you hear the word cleanse you're like uh
no and is it a gimmick is it a gimmick
to you know buy some products and then
when you get off of it you go back to
your same old thing and you gain the
weight back so I just kind of wanted to
share my thoughts with it
I am three days in today so I'm making
this video on my third day I will make
another video this weekend about five or
six days in and post it the following
Wednesday and then I will do a end
result before and after pictures I hope
I'm trying to get the courage to post
before and after pictures but um but
more than likely I will so I just wanted
to let you know I just wanted to start
this video off by saying I do not sell
AdvoCare I am NOT a doctor I am NOT an
expert um
this is my personal experience with it I
paid for it with my own money no
discount I just wanted to give you my
honest opinion from a normal person that
paid for it and is going through it so
three days in so anyway I have posted a
snapchat oh gosh like a month and a half
to two months ago and just like lost in
the world of dieting I didn't know where
I wanted to start again I had been
successful at Weight Watchers but I
really didn't want to start counting
points again I didn't want to pay for
the meetings I'm not successful with
Weight Watchers online it's just a lot
of things going on and I just kind of
vented on snapchat a lady named Mary
contacted me and she did not contact me
in the way of I felt AdvoCare this is
what you should do it was hey I've been
there I've done that I want to help you
and I cannot tell you how grateful I am
not only for her expertise and guidance
in this but for her friendship we've
become really good friends we talk
almost every single day about makeup
about diet about kids and I just
adore hearse so if you go with Mary just
know that she really wants to make
people healthy it's not about selling
AdvoCare she didn't even mention
AdvoCare to me for the longest time and
she just told me what she did and did
not pressure me at all so anyway we got
to talking about the cleanse and it came
up the AdvoCare cleanse I had heard a
lot about it a friend of mine is doing
the 24 day challenge and she lost 8
pounds on the 10 day clintons so I asked
Mary about it and she kind of told me
that was her experience too that she had
lost 10 pounds so I started looking into
it it is pricey I want to say it is $44
plus 795 shipping so the first time that
I looked at it I tell Mary I was like
it's too expensive no I don't want to do
it just kind of help me you know do my
thing so I started doing my thing for a
couple weeks and I had lost three pounds
which for me I don't lose weight quickly
so for me three pounds is like yes go me
but I'm the kind of person that has zero
patience like I want results now or I
won't stick with it so we were talking
about that and she was like what you
know you could do the cleanse lose this
weight and then you can kind of set
yourself up to continue on this way of
dieting and so at the time I did not
know what she was talking about I was
just like okay whatever if you're gonna
just give me a cleanse and I can lose 10
pounds then let's do it you know well I
didn't know that you really had to work
for this because I didn't get the diet
plan until I'd already committed to it
and then when she sent the diet plan I
was like whoa whoa whoa no dairy no
sugar no carbs I'm like I thought for
sure I was gonna continue eating what I
was eating which wasn't bad I was still
somewhat up you know on a diet watching
my intake but I thought I was gonna
continue on that path and this cleanse
was just gonna cleanse it out but no you
have to give up this stuff for ten days
so that was a shocker and I was glad I
was already committed because when I
read that I was freaked out she's like
don't be scared
you can do this okay so the cleanse came
and I decided to start it Monday let me
show you what you get in the ten day
cleanse you get the fiber drink for the
morning and there's ten packets in here
it says 10 grams of fiber per serving
promotes regularity and aids in appetite
control I highly recommend the peaches
and cream because it is not bad at all
like I really like it and my and my
experience is make sure the water is
extremely cold extremely cold the taste
is good there's no grit my only problem
is I can't really chug fast so unless
you get this stuff down pretty fast it
kind of gets like a thicker consistency
not gritty coz I can't do grit just like
a thicker consistency which is kind of
harder to swallow and so you want to
drink it pretty fast and once that water
was super cold I have no problem getting
this down and let me tell you I am the
worst at chugging and about drinking
nasty stuff so if I can do this I'm
positive that anyone on this planet can
do it cuz I am like I tell Mary she
didn't know what she was getting into by
helping me because I am the biggest pain
in the butt slash hot maintenance person
you will ever come across when there's a
diet so god bless her um this is the
little packet you pour it in 8 ounces or
it says 8 ounces I've used 10 ounces and
I highly recommend to get a blender
bottle um I want to say I got this at
GNC I like the con I like this kind
because because the top screws on really
tight so you don't have any I just wash
this so it's wet you don't have any way
that this is gonna leak and then it
comes with this little metal ball in it
so it really does blend up your stuff
good so highly recommend this and then
the little nozzle like tightens I've had
cheap ones before that you're like
shaking it like spews out so I
recommend this either got it GNC or
maybe Vitacost but any kind of health
store place will have this maybe even
Target or something I don't know so you
do that in the morning when you wake up
then there's also these set of pills and
this is the metabolic cleansing system
you have a set of two pills here and one
is for daytime this one and one is for
nighttime so I guess or if these apart I
take this 30 minutes before my breakfast
and then I take these when I'm going to
bed so that's it that's what you get in
the ten-day cleanse
that's what costs forty seven dollars
and that's all you need
now some extras that I bought was fish
oil because if you can't buy that
through the company I think they call it
a Omega Plex or Omega something but
really it's just fish oil and honestly I
went to the doctor the Thursday before I
started and she recommended me taking
fish oil um just I think my cholesterol
was a little high or something but
anyway she told me that it would not
hurt and I would probably benefit from
it so went ahead and bought this I take
one of these at dinner time with my
dinner and then I also bought from
AdvoCare the spark the reason I bought
the spark is because on this diet you
cannot have dairy that means coffee
creamer and I'm a coffee addict so this
has as much caffeine in it as a cup of
coffee
and you get 14 in here I will list all
the prices if I'm getting this wrong I
think these are $24 maybe a little more
maybe a little less but I will list it
for you um and so I drink one of these
in the morning with breakfast just to
give me the caffeine I also bought
pumpkin meal replacements but I'm not
using those on this system so that's the
things that I want from AdvoCare I did
not do the whole 24 day challenge I
didn't want to it's quite pricey I feel
like this is gonna set me up to succeed
going further and we'll see how this
goes I mean after I do it I might want
to
and by the other stuff another thing
that I'm doing because I am a visual
person I am old-school planner pencil I
love taking notes
I love making lists I love it so in
order for you can download the advocare
app that's free and it will tell you all
the foods that you can have and I will
go over what I'm eating in a second but
or Mary will send you this little diet
plan chart thing and I live for checking
off boxes and I live for visual paper
stuff so what this has it just tells you
the order that you're gonna do things so
in the morning you drink your fiber
drink you have a protein complex carb
fruit for breakfast then you have a
snack and then for lunch you have a
protein vegetables complex carb and then
you do a spark again if you want you can
do black coffee you just can't put
anything into coffee then you have a
snack then you do your Omega fish oil
protein vegetables complex carb if
needed it says in parenthesis snack and
then before bed you take those two pills
that came in your little double pack so
what I've been doing and then it has a
column for water they want you to get in
12 8 ounce glasses of water which you're
already gonna get in - if you do the
spark in the fiber um so it's I haven't
reached my 12 yet I went what was that
none the most that I've done is none but
these little X's these little X's are my
water and then these I'm checking off
what I'm doing and this just kind of
mapped it out over there
and then I had the 10 days and I had
this in my planner so that I can keep
track you can keep if you're an
electronic person they have an app keep
track in there whatever you need to keep
track I'm writing down what I eat so
that when I'm off the cleanse I know
what made me feel good I'm also
journaling on how I feel so I'm just
trying to I'm looking at this more like
I'm cleansing my body in my mind and my
soul it sounds weird but that's how I
kind of am looking at this class
so an example of what I eat on a daily
basis is in the morning I do my fiber
drink I will have either umm because I
work and I have to be at work at 7 a.m.
I don't have time to cook breakfast so
what I'm doing is a protein bar which
will have your protein and carbs in it
and then a banana for snack I will do a
handful of almonds in the serving size
is the palm of your hand for lunch I'm
doing a tiny salad and a sandwich and
what I do is I get the whole wheat um
sandwich thins and I do like three
pieces of turkey breast pickles and
mustard on the sandwich and then for my
afternoon snack I'll do a piece of fruit
because by then I want something sweet
so fruit has been my sweet so for dinner
I've been doing either chicken breast
green beans brown rice
I bought a rice cooker which is pretty
cool since I don't really cook I'm like
oh they have rice cookers out there I
know or another option is breakfast for
dinner so you can do your eggs your
bacon and your toast and that's just
what I'm like living on right now
because it's the easiest for me to cook
and I know that it's in my realm of
stuff to eat and if that's what works
for me over my evening snack I will have
a handful of grapes usually fruit or I
bought the baby carrots as a snack
already cut and everything so this is my
third day and I can honestly say that it
has been easier than I thought um some
negative things to say is I have no
energy like I think my body's going
through like withdrawal from carbs or
something because I'm just drained and
you're supposed to exercise every day so
I've really been having to push myself
to exercise and I think that's just part
of it you know and hopefully it'll kind
of pick back up my body will get used to
eating this way and my inner
levels will pick back up I think I'm
gonna try black coffee today I'm not a
black coffee drinker but I feel like I
need something to get through my workout
tonight um as far as the cleanse and
people being so scared of that word I
promise you it is not like that at all
like I work for a living I work 7:00 to
4:30 a full-time job um and I have had
no problems whatsoever I mean yeah so
you don't have to worry about that about
living in the bathroom I know a lot of
people have asked me about that and I
will be completely honest maybe by day
five I'll be living in the bathroom and
I can report that thin but day three I'm
really not living in the bathroom I
could go places I could do things I mean
it's not like that at all
so I'm glad I didn't let that scare me
and you're not doing this because I do
feel lighter
I do feel leaner I do feel like this
dress when my husband zipped it up this
morning it wasn't like I was like okay
go it feels it's not loose but it's
simply not as tight as it was so fingers
crossed that I see some good results in
this again I'm not one to like drop
weight drastically I've never been that
kind of person so we shall see I just
wanted to get this video up to let you
all know what I'm doing because there
are so many questions and so many of you
want to do it so I just wanted to let
you know my personal experience three
days in and then next Wednesday I will
definitely give you an update on the
whole cleanse so I hope you enjoyed this
video if you did please make sure you
give it a thumbs up down below if you're
not yet subscribed I do
weight-loss videos every other Wednesday
and do beauty videos three to four times
a week so I hope you stay and I hope you
subscribe thank you so much for watching
and I'll see you in the next one bye